Andre Karpathy's LLM Wiki is a great
idea with one problem. You have to
remember to update it. The moment you
stop manually feeding it new context, it
stops knowing anything and your new Wiki
becomes basically useless. So, I gave it
the ability to grow new context
automatically. Now, it watches every app
that I care about, pulls in new context
on its own, and grows the Wiki without
me ever touching it. And it's saving me
more time than ever because it's always
up to date. Right now, I'm going to show
you exactly how I built this, how to set
it up for yourself, and how to deploy
24/7 context farmers that are constantly
mining your apps for data, all within
Claude Code. Plus, I'm giving you a Wiki
Builder skill that does the entire setup
for you. I've set this demo up with a
Karpathy Wiki to keep track of all of my
favorite AI content creators, what
they're posting, and what's getting
results. Every creator I track has their
own page with what they cover. There's a
summary for all their reoccurring ideas
and what they like to cover. I'm even
getting all of their generated
thumbnails and transcripts automatically
in the raw folder. I haven't made a
single one of these. Each creator page
updates itself when they drop a new
video. And at a drop of a dime, I can go
to the graph page and search for
anything, whether that's N8N, Claude
Code, or absolutely anything. Each
creator page updates itself whenever a
new video drops. The context farmer goes
out and grabs the transcript and the
thumbnail, brings it in, and ingests it
into the knowledge lab. Over time, the
Wiki gets richer and richer, and the
interconnected layers get stronger and
stronger. And because it's all markdown
in Obsidian, I can drop this into any
Claude Code session and have full
context whenever I'm doing my content
planning. This Wiki grows totally
automatically. Every day, context
farming sub agents are adding in more
and more videos, more relationships, and
more knowledge. And all of this feeds
into the content decisions I make. This
is the type of leverage you can get when
you remove human ingestion as the
bottleneck to your context layer. This
Wiki grows totally automatically. So, a
quick recap if you haven't seen one of
these Karpathy Wiki set up. It's just
two folders, a raw folder and a Wiki
folder. You drop sources into the raw
folder, and the LLM ingests those and
builds out Wiki pages inside of the Wiki
folder. Inside of the Wiki folder, you
also have an index and a log. The index
keeps track of all of the relationships
between all of the files, and the log
keeps track of the updates that the LLM
makes. So, I've got a totally fresh Wiki
here. It's completely empty. And instead
of manually dropping in files into raw,
I'm going to set up what I'm calling a
context farmer, an AI agent that
connects to source through MCP, in this
case Appify, and does the fetching for
me. And we're going to start with
YouTube. So, I've already got my context
farmer inside of Claude Code Cloud. And
every day at 6:00 a.m., it goes out and
scrapes all of the channels that I'm
interested in, finds what videos they've
posted, pulls their transcripts, gets
their thumbnails and their stats, and
adds it into my raw folder, all without
me having to do anything. So, let's run
it now. It's going out and using a
YouTube scraper to find all of the
recent videos since it last ran and
pulling them into my Karpathy Wiki. From
there, it's adding it into the raw
folder, and then it will ingest them
into each of the interlinked context
documents. And there we go. It looks
like there's been two new videos posted
today, and it's pulling those into the
raw folder now. Now, watch what happens.
The context farmer is about to go in and
create the interlinked pages, assigning
each of the new videos to the creator
that posted them, updating the index
file and the log file, and automatically
growing the Wiki so I know more and more
about what content is being posted about
AI on YouTube. So, now the LLM is
reading through all of the transcripts
and the thumbnails and building out
pages inside of my Obsidian Wiki. It's
pushing the updates to GitHub because
this is a cloud context scraper, and my
Obsidian will automatically pull those
updates to my local machine so I can use
them with Claude Code. So, Claude has
created two new video pages, one for a
video by Nate Herck and another one from
Nate B. Jones. And now that the context
farmers have made the changes inside of
GitHub, the Obsidian Git plugin is
automatically pulling those changes down
to my local machine. I can go to the
Nate Herck page inside of Obsidian, go
scroll down, that his most recent video
has been automatically linked. I can
even click through to that and see all
of the details about his plugin video
that he just posted. I can even go to my
graph page, and now these nodes are
automatically connected. And here's the
really important part. Tomorrow, when
the farmer runs again and pulls new
videos, the Wiki doesn't start over. It
updates. If someone drops a follow-up
video on that topic, that page gets
richer. New connections form and the
whole thing compounds over time. I'll
even show you how powerful this is when
you pair the Wiki with Claude Code. I
have the Wiki open up in my Claude Code,
and I'm going to ask it, "What was the
most recent videos that were posted by
Nate Herck, and what topics did it
cover? Has this topic been covered by
anyone else inside of your Wiki?" I can
ask ad hoc queries of this context layer
at any time. This is so important for me
when I'm doing my content research
because that way I can see what's
already being covered, how people are
talking about certain features, and all
of this feeds into my content. And I can
see that Nate Herck posted a video about
a new Claude plugin called Superpowers.
I can see all of the other videos from
the creators that I'm tracking that
reference similar types of content, and
I can get that all at the touch of a
button inside of Claude Code. I can even
ask it about new topics like Claude
managed agents, which was just recently
released. What are people saying about
Claude managed agents? And just like
that, I can get the two perspectives of
videos that have been posted about
managed agents, one by Nate Herck and
another one by Nick. And Claude's
already analyzing how each creator is
covering the topic and where the gaps
might be. So, that's what I'm calling
context farming. And here's the key
insights that makes this work.
Karpathy's whole thing is that LLMs have
bad taste. They can't tell you what's
worth reading. And he's right. You don't
want an AI randomly scraping the
internet and dumping garbage into your
knowledge base. That's how you end up
with a Wiki full of noise. But there's a
difference between selecting sources and
fetching them. Selecting is the taste
part, the human job. You decide, "I
trust this YouTube channel or this Slack
workspace matters." That's the judgment
and curation, and you only do that once.
But once you've made that call,
everything after is just fetching. It's
pulling the latest video, grabbing the
transcript, checking new messages, and
that's not taste. That's a cron job. And
that's what context farmers handle. So,
you keep the human creation that
Karpathy's right about, but you stop
doing the manual grunt work that kills
every Wiki. Anything with an MCP
connector can become a source, whether
that's Slack, Fireflies, YouTube,
Notion, or whatever. You pick the
sources, set up a farmer for each one,
and schedule it, and the Wiki just stays
fed. So, that's AI YouTube, but here's
where it's actually going to get
interesting. This pattern works for
literally anything that has an MCP
connector. For instance, business
context. I set up a farmer on my Slack
channels and my Fireflies meeting
transcripts, and now the Wiki just
briefs me. Customer renewals, project
status, decisions that got made in
meetings that I wasn't even on. I walked
into a customer call the other day fully
prepared, and I hadn't read a single
Slack message. If you want to see how
that whole thing works step by step, I
actually did a full video on it, and
I'll link it here. Or even research. You
could set up a farmer that scrapes for
new papers in whatever field you're in.
Claude reads them, builds concept pages,
and tracks who's publishing what. And
it'll even flag when new findings
contradict stuff that's already in the
Wiki. Or how about competitive analysis?
Farmers on your competitors' blogs,
their social accounts, and their job
posting. You end up with a Wiki that's
just tracking their moves for you. The
pattern is always the same though. Okay.
So, one thing you're probably thinking
is that if your farmer is running on
your laptop, then your laptop has to be
open, right? And yeah, that does work.
But if you want to get this thing
running while you sleep, you need
somewhere for your context layer to
live. And that's where GitHub comes in.
The Wiki lives in a private GitHub repo.
Claude hooks auto commit and auto push
every time a farmer drops new files into
raw. So, the Wiki is always synced to
the cloud, and anyone you give access to
can pull from it. So, it's not just your
Wiki anymore, it's everyone in your
organization's Wiki. And then for
scheduling, Claude Code has built-in
scheduled agents. You can set a time,
give it the farm prompt, and it runs on
Anthropic's infrastructure. It clones
your repo, runs the farmer using an MCP
connection, and commits the new sources
and pushes, all in the cloud. So, here's
my setup. I have my YouTube farmer
running at 6:00 a.m. every day. I have
my Slack farmer running at 6:30 and the
Fireflies farmer running at 7:00. That's
why every morning when I log in, I have
new context sitting in raw ready to
digest. And it doesn't matter if my
laptop was overnight. My context layer
just keeps getting smarter and smarter
every time it runs. Now, if you've got
farmers that use local tools like any
type of CLI or custom pet scripts, you
can schedule them from Claude Code
desktop as well. You just need to go to
the new local task button, and that task
will now run on your machine. The only
caveat is that your laptop needs to be
on for them to run. Just think about
this for a second. If you have a Wiki
that tracks everything happening in your
industry, and another one tracking your
competitors, you might even have one
tracking your customers. You begin to
have a fully enriched context layer
across everything that you're interested
in. And all of them are running without
you touching everything. Every MCP
connector and every app becomes a
potential source for context, and there
are hundreds of them in the connectors
tab inside of Claude. Okay. So, if you
want to set this up for yourself, I
actually built a Claude Code skill that
does the whole thing for you, and the
link's in the description. It's totally
free. All you have to do is just install
the skill into your dot Claude folder
inside of your repo. You tell it what
you want, and Claude will actually build
out the Wiki custom for your
requirements, whatever you need. It'll
ask a few questions, figure out the
right sources, and all of that goes into
your Karpathy Wiki. It even builds the
context farmers for each source and
wires them up for scheduling. You don't
have to do any of it yourself. I'd also
recommend opening up the Wiki inside of
Obsidian. It's optional, but honestly,
the graph view and the backlinks are
totally worth it. And then, you've got a
choice. You can run your farmers
locally, which is fine for getting
started, or you can schedule them to run
as always-on in the cloud. The skill
walks you through either path. I want to
build a Wiki for keeping track of all of
my favorite creators on YouTube. I want
to provide you a few channels, and then
from there, you'll set up a context
farmer, which will go and find those
YouTube channels new videos every single
day and then fold them into the wiki as
well.
I want to use Appify for the context
farmer. The skill is trained on
Kapathy's LLM wiki framework and it
talks you through everything that you
need to get started. You can select the
full build, the wiki and farmers, or
just the wiki. I always go for the full
build because that way I can set up my
context farmers to run in the cloud. And
then you've got a choice. You can run
the farmers locally, which is fine for
getting started, or you can schedule
them to run always on in the cloud. The
skill walks you through either path. And
then just let it run. Every day your
farmer pulls new context, the wiki
ingest it, and pages compound. You
literally wake up smarter. Pick a topic,
connect a source of truth with an MCP,
and schedule a farmer and the wiki
handles the rest. This was a super quick
setup guide, but if you want a full
breakdown, there's a setup guide linked
at the description below, as well as a
video linked here that walks through it
in a little bit more detail. If you want
help deploying this for your business, I
do AI strategy sessions where I map the
whole thing to your stack. Links in the
description below. I'm also building a
marketplace for verified Claude code
skills. Production-ready, vetted by real
domain experts. And if you want early
access, the waitlist link is in the
description below. Again, thanks for
watching.